README.md, before:

# KANARIA WEBSITE.
This project is a website based on a japanese musician named Kanaria. The website is made to advertise his latest songs, and to share more information about him and his music.

# Design Process
Provide us insights about your design process, focusing on who this website is for, what it is that they want to achieve and how your project is the best way to help them achieve these things.

My Design Process:
The first step was to get a rough idea of what colours i'd associate with Kanaria because i like focusing on aesthetics first and plan out the rest later.
Kanaria's youtube songs usually consist of white, black, and another colour which is either red or blue (usually they use more red in their music videos) so for my website i decided to use black as the main background colours, white as the text and red for the secondary background colour.

I also decided on yellow as an minor fourth colour because of kanaria's vtuber model being black white red and yellow.

I also decided to deviate a bit from my initial wireframe because it felt too boring or clunky to me.

USER STORIES:
(As a user type, I want to perform an action, so that I can achieve a goal.)

As a new fan, I would like to be able to see Kanaria's new songs easily, so that I can view what else Kanaria has to offer

As someone who is a fan, I would like to know Kanaria's social media accounts, so that I can keep updated with Kanaria's content.


As someone who is a fan and would like to use Kanaria's songs in my projects or for public events, I would like to know their music usage guidelines, so that I don't get in trouble with their lawyer.

As someone who would like to contact Kanaria for business reasons, I would like there to be a contact us page so that I may speak to him.

wireframe (in figma): https://www.figma.com/design/8g3A0aZckrdxWPbeHwJ7nJ/IM_S10258123E_EmilieTeeJingHui_Assg1_wireframe?node-id=0-1&t=I4sdnVvdo6GpEoZP-1 
to be redone.

# Features
# Existing Features
Feature 1 - navigation bar that allows user to navigate between the different parts of the fansite.

Feature 2 - video that scrolls with circular navigation... in songs page

Feature 3 micro interaction? - easy access to kanaria's top 4 popular songs in the home page via clicking the thumbnails of the songs. when hovering mouse above images, images will increase in size and gain colour (same for social media icons except social media icons dont get colour)

# Features Left to Implement
- contact us page.


# Technologies Used
[In this section, you should mention all of the languages, frameworks, libraries, and any other tools that you have used to construct this project. For each, provide its name, a link to its official site and a short sentence of why it was used.


- JQuery
The project uses JQuery to simplify DOM manipulation.
Testing
For any scenarios that have not been automated, test the user stories manually and provide as much detail as is relevant. A particularly useful form for describing your testing process is via scenarios, such as:


1. Contact form:
i. Go to the "Contact Us" page
ii. Try to submit the empty form and verify that an error message about the required fields appears
iii. Try to submit the form with an invalid email address and verify that a relevant error message appears
iv. Try to submit the form with all inputs valid and verify that a success message appears.

In addition, you should mention in this section how your project looks and works on different browsers and screen sizes:]



# PROBLEMS
- currently most devices work except ipad air and asus zenbook fold because the arrow on the left will go offscreen for some reason but other than that they work.

- the video carousel in the songs page has a problem. When you click one video and go to the next, the audio will keep playing and overlap with the current's audio if you play the current video. (tldr: video audio will overlap with each other when played at the same time.)

# Credits
- Content
The text for the INFO at the home page was copied from the Vocaloid Wiki (https://vocaloid.fandom.com/wiki/Kanaria)
The text for the Music Usage Guidelines was copied from kanaria's website and google translated (https://kanariamusic390.wixsite.com/website)
- Media
The looping video in the main page (index) is a clip from https://youtu.be/h4HkXR3NSI4?si=lpUUMPFRIhqCY3r- 
The photo used in this site's song page wallpaper (https://www.flickr.com/photos/abstractstv/3360617281)
spotify app icon used in the social media page: https://newsroom.spotify.com/media-kit/logo-and-brand-assets/ 
youtube app icon used in the social media page: https://uxwing.com/youtube-app-white-icon/
X app ixon used in the social media page: https://uxwing.com/x-social-media-white-icon/
niconico app icon used in social media page: https://www.svgrepo.com/svg/518218/niconico
tiktok app icon used in social media page: https://www.svgrepo.com/svg/473806/tiktok
images of the thumbnails in the home page were taken from their respective song videos: https://youtu.be/GmU8KIfhmpQ?si=Hattc1ce8u8JdOdu, https://youtu.be/5Jja39-69G8?si=a3ih-dm-8koVGlYi, https://youtu.be/KFCaSz_yYCM?si=V1pbnL8gM60_q4K5, https://youtu.be/vB8sxY_PJ_w?si=iwyjjeKzL6H0HtM_

- Acknowledgements
I received inspiration for this project from listening to Kanaria's music... and visuals...

Commit message:

enhance contact form functionality and update README with Web3Forms integration

README.md, after:

# KANARIA WEBSITE.
This project is a website based on a japanese musician named Kanaria. The website is made to advertise his latest songs, and to share more information about him and his music.

# Design Process
Provide us insights about your design process, focusing on who this website is for, what it is that they want to achieve and how your project is the best way to help them achieve these things.

My Design Process:
The first step was to get a rough idea of what colours i'd associate with Kanaria because i like focusing on aesthetics first and plan out the rest later.
Kanaria's youtube songs usually consist of white, black, and another colour which is either red or blue (usually they use more red in their music videos) so for my website i decided to use black as the main background colours, white as the text and red for the secondary background colour.

I also decided on yellow as an minor fourth colour because of kanaria's vtuber model being black white red and yellow.

I also decided to deviate a bit from my initial wireframe because it felt too boring or clunky to me.

USER STORIES:
(As a user type, I want to perform an action, so that I can achieve a goal.)

As a new fan, I would like to be able to see Kanaria's new songs easily, so that I can view what else Kanaria has to offer

As someone who is a fan, I would like to know Kanaria's social media accounts, so that I can keep updated with Kanaria's content.


As someone who is a fan and would like to use Kanaria's songs in my projects or for public events, I would like to know their music usage guidelines, so that I don't get in trouble with their lawyer.

As someone who would like to contact Kanaria for business reasons, I would like there to be a contact us page so that I may speak to him.

wireframe (in figma): https://www.figma.com/design/8g3A0aZckrdxWPbeHwJ7nJ/IM_S10258123E_EmilieTeeJingHui_Assg1_wireframe?node-id=0-1&t=I4sdnVvdo6GpEoZP-1 
to be redone.

# Features
# Existing Features
Feature 1 - navigation bar that allows user to navigate between the different parts of the fansite.

Feature 2 - video that scrolls with circular navigation... in songs page

Feature 3 micro interaction? - easy access to kanaria's top 4 popular songs in the home page via clicking the thumbnails of the songs. when hovering mouse above images, images will increase in size and gain colour (same for social media icons except social media icons dont get colour)

# Features Left to Implement
- contact us page.


# Technologies Used
[In this section, you should mention all of the languages, frameworks, libraries, and any other tools that you have used to construct this project. For each, provide its name, a link to its official site and a short sentence of why it was used.


- JQuery
The project uses JQuery to simplify DOM manipulation.
Testing
For any scenarios that have not been automated, test the user stories manually and provide as much detail as is relevant. A particularly useful form for describing your testing process is via scenarios, such as:

-Web3Forms
This project uses Web3Forms to make sending emails and receiving them easier (used for the contact us page)

1. Contact form:
i. Go to the "Contact Us" page
ii. Try to submit the empty form and verify that an error message about the required fields appears
iii. Try to submit the form with an invalid email address and verify that a relevant error message appears
iv. Try to submit the form with all inputs valid and verify that a success message appears.

In addition, you should mention in this section how your project looks and works on different browsers and screen sizes:]



# PROBLEMS
- currently most devices work except ipad air and asus zenbook fold because the arrow on the left will go offscreen for some reason but other than that they work.

- the video carousel in the songs page has a problem. When you click one video and go to the next, the audio will keep playing and overlap with the current's audio if you play the current video. (tldr: video audio will overlap with each other when played at the same time.)

# Credits
- Content
The text for the INFO at the home page was copied from the Vocaloid Wiki (https://vocaloid.fandom.com/wiki/Kanaria)
The text for the Music Usage Guidelines was copied from kanaria's website and google translated (https://kanariamusic390.wixsite.com/website)
- Media
The looping video in the main page (index) is a clip from https://youtu.be/h4HkXR3NSI4?si=lpUUMPFRIhqCY3r- 
The photo used in this site's song page wallpaper (https://www.flickr.com/photos/abstractstv/3360617281)
spotify app icon used in the social media page: https://newsroom.spotify.com/media-kit/logo-and-brand-assets/ 
youtube app icon used in the social media page: https://uxwing.com/youtube-app-white-icon/
X app ixon used in the social media page: https://uxwing.com/x-social-media-white-icon/
niconico app icon used in social media page: https://www.svgrepo.com/svg/518218/niconico
tiktok app icon used in social media page: https://www.svgrepo.com/svg/473806/tiktok
images of the thumbnails in the home page were taken from their respective song videos: https://youtu.be/GmU8KIfhmpQ?si=Hattc1ce8u8JdOdu, https://youtu.be/5Jja39-69G8?si=a3ih-dm-8koVGlYi, https://youtu.be/KFCaSz_yYCM?si=V1pbnL8gM60_q4K5, https://youtu.be/vB8sxY_PJ_w?si=iwyjjeKzL6H0HtM_

- Acknowledgements
I received inspiration for this project from listening to Kanaria's music... and visuals...
